[Music] Excuse me, teacher, may I
ask one
more question? In love, it's about fate and destiny, and when the fate and destiny are
over, the other side feels
regret and doesn't want to lose that person. Do you
have any advice? That
is,
two people love
each other and then break up,
and one side feels regret and
doesn't want to lose the other. That's a
lot, isn't it? So, is there a
way to
get them back? You
should maintain the
friendship and live a warm and affectionate friendship. That way,
the chance of getting back together will come.
Don't hold a grudge and
then leave. Don't be resentful and then leave.
Be a friend and share things with them. A
close friend
can love someone else, but you can still be their
companion. Then
you will never lose
them in this life. Do you agree?
That's the way an
intelligent person behaves. Right, you're an
intelligent person. That's the way an
intelligent person behaves. In
this finite love, you have an infinite love.  Is it true that there's a limit? There's
no limit, only one lifetime.
That means when they get married,
they'll have disagreements, right?
At that time, we'll have a close friend. When we
get married, we'll also have disagreements,
and they'll become our close friends.
Friendship is more precious than love,
more precious than marriage. It lasts throughout
our lives, through our hardest times,
sharing our pain. But don't go
beyond friendship. A male and female friend
can share
so much with each other. Do you agree? A
male and a female friend will share
many hardships, pains, and joys in
life, but you must make a promise to
each other that you are friends,
forever friends, because if you
move towards love and marriage, you
will suffer. Because love and marriage
involve conflict, and that causes suffering. So,
love will be love,
marriage will be marriage, but
those who are capable will also have a friendship.
That's the mark of a capable person in this world,
right? Not moving towards it means keeping it
to yourself.  A place for me to be happy, do you
agree? Do you agree with this point of view
[music]?
You should keep it that way and it's fine.
But this friendship requires a
prior agreement: firstly, we
don't borrow money from each other and we don't accept any
financial help, not even a little bit, during the
most difficult times. Not accepting help is the only way to
maintain the friendship because
when people are desperate, they'll do anything, even
betray their friends. If anyone agrees to
this, no matter how difficult my situation is, even if
you help me, I won't accept it, and
that will become the hallmark of our
friendship, except for when death comes.
If it's true, then don't give a blood transfusion. If it's true, then it's true.
Don't get involved with money, and you'll still have a friend, but if you
get involved with money, you'll lose your friend.
Remember, friendship only lasts when it's
not involved with money; if it is, there's
no
long-lasting friendship. I'm done
[music], my dear.
Teacher, I have a question: when
two people in love look alike,
people often say they have a similar appearance. Is that what you call a "resemblance of a couple"?
According to you, is that
true? Thank you. I will
answer. Thank you for your very
good question. Two people who look very similar in
appearance mean that in their
previous lives they shared a common blessing, that they
performed some good deed together, right? That's
why they have that similar appearance. Because
they shared the same thoughts and actions
in their past lives, they have
similar physical appearances. Because of
that, in this life,
they will be more compatible and
more successful. It's not superstition, it's
just based on the principle of cause and effect. That
is, two people who look very similar in
appearance mean they have
shared the same thoughts, the same actions, the same
ideas. No matter where these two people
are, if they share the
same actions and their appearance is
similar, then their
combination will be very successful. That's all.
[Music]
D. Hello, teacher. I have a question about love.
I want to ask you about love because...
The current situation is that
many guys think of girls as always
thinking more about material things when they're in love,
meaning they're
too materialistic. Girls are too materialistic
when in love with guys.
Yes, most guys think that way. So,
according to you, what does that mean?
I'll
answer, thank you for your question. Let's
see if the guys agree.
Because when you see a girl wearing
too much makeup, you don't know if
you have money or not. Because she
wears a lot of makeup and
beautiful clothes, the guy has to think about
having money, right?
That's the first thing guys think
of when they think of a materialistic girl because if she weren't
materialistic, she wouldn't have a boyfriend. Because if
she were, he'd just say, "This girl is my
girlfriend, give her this," and then later,
sitting with
his boyfriend, she'd say, "Honey, this girl is giving me this."
How can he possibly have the mental capacity to do that?  If someone
shows affection for you,
they'll start worrying, "
Oh no, I don't have money to give my girlfriend!" Right, guys? That's what I
want to change. For guys,
girls should say things like, "
Honey, I only need your love."
As for makeup and other things,
I'll use whatever I have. As long as you think it's beautiful, that's all that matters,
right? Then
guys can
freely express their feelings
without feeling suppressed. For example, if someone doesn't have money, they'll
say, "You can't catch a hundred elephants, can you?"
Right? Just smooth talk.
But in reality, they really don't have money,
and you don't understand, so
you have to suffer the consequences, right? So,
guys, change your way of thinking.
And you should find
girlfriends who are understanding
of your financial situation. Then you'll
have a beautiful love from both sides.
[Music]
End of direct question from Ms.
Hieu.